RHIDP-3970 - Authentication - Authenticating with Microsoft Azure (#492)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-authenticating-with-microsoft-azure.adoc

[id="assembly-authenticating-with-microsoft-azure"]
= Authentication with Microsoft Azure

> {product} includes a Microsoft Azure authentication provider that can authenticate Microsoft Azure users by using OAuth.

Author: ```suggestion
To authenticate users with Microsoft Azure:

. xref:enabling-authentication-with-microsoft-azure[Enable authentication with Microsoft Azure].
. xref:provisioning-users-from-microsoft-azure-to-the-software-catalog[Provision users from Microsoft Azure to the software catalog].
```

[id="assembly-authenticating-with-microsoft-azure"]

> = Authentication with Microsoft Azure

Author: We use gerund in titles.
